tests/testthat/examples/Test_2023_1/README.md, before:


# Test Dataset 1: `Test_2023_1`

This dataset is for testing the following, for wide datasets:
- Dataset-level and trait-level input of `basis_of_record`, `life_stage`, `entity_type`, `value_type`, `basis_of_value`, `measurement_remarks`, `collection_date` and `replicates`
- `replicates` in numeric format
- Units are correctly converted to the accepted units, either from a fixed trait-level value or from a column at the trait level
- Bins are correctly converted to the accepted units, from a fixed trait value or from a column at the trait level
- Contexts (correct `link_ids` and `link_vals`; duplicates get collapsed), with and without `find` and `description` values (or NA values), or entered at the trait level as a fixed value or a column (don't think this is possible right now)
- Methods (methods are unique with their own `method_id`), including method contexts
- Locations (latitude and longitude fields missing for one location, entered as .na for another location)
- `trait_name` is NA
- Types of trait data -- numeric (entered as either true numeric type or character type), categorical, time (e.g. `flowering_time`)
- Excluded values (automatic and manual), such as out of allowable range, invalid categorical values, invalid time values, and that excluded values table are filled in with correct error types
- Substitutions work for categorical and time traits, with NA replace values
- Combinations of multiple categorical values per row, including if there are duplicate trait values within
- *Taxonomic updates for different taxonomic resolutions - have yet to add*
- `observation_id` refers to unique observations
- `repeat_measurements_id` at the trait level, for individuals (using `individual_id`), populations and species (including when it is specified as TRUE and FALSE when a trait is entered twice)
- Check that `location_id` is NA for species `entity_type` measurements

Test_2023_1 is a copy of Falster_2005_1 with the following modifications:
- `entity_type` and `replicates` were moved to dataset level fixed value in metadata.yml, except for `flowering_time`, `huber_value` (LASA1000), `plant_growth_form`, `leaf_length` and `leaf_photosynthesis` (and some `excluded_data` dummy traits) where they're specified at the trait level
- Added `measurement_remarks` to dataset level as fixed value, as well as at trait level
- Added `seed_dry_mass` to check bin conversions, with `seed_dry_mass_units` as the column to read in units from
- Added a column `leaf_length` with accompanying `leaf_length_units` to test unit conversions read in from a column
- Added `bin_conversions` column to test bin unit converions for a fixed trait level `unit_in` value
- Added all different types of contexts (`entity_context`, `plot`, `treatment`, `temporal`, `method`) with some NA `find` and `value` values, duplicate `value` values, numeric and character type values, as separate columns (sex, slope position, nutrient treatment, sampling time of day, instrument used) plus entered at the trait level as a fixed value (for the `huber_value` traits)
- Added a context 'plant diameter' to check whether omitting lists of values from context metadata works
- Added duplicate of LASA50 column to check same `method_id`, added duplicate of LASA1000 with different methods to check unique `method_id`
- Removed latitude and longitude for Atherton and set to .na for Cape Tribulation
- Changed `trait_name` field for `branch_mass_fraction` to NA
- Added a categorical trait, `plant_growth_form`, and time trait, `flowering_time`
- Changed a numeric column `wood_density` to character type with `custom_R_code`
- Excluded observation 0.17 for `leaf_mass_per_area`
- Changed leaf nitrogen for Acronychia acidula to 100 for checking out of allowable range error, "unknown" should be an excluded value for `plant_growth_form` and there should be an invalid `flowering_time` value
- Added substitutions for `plant_growth_form` and `flowering_time`
- Added `leaf_photosynthesis`, `leaf_stomatal_conductance` and `leaf_stomatal_conductance_2` to test `repeat_measurements_id`, with another `leaf_stomatal_conductance_3` variable that doesn't specify `repeat_measurements_id`

See output/ for expected output files.

Commit message:

Add `collection_date` and `original_name` to `observation_id` (#95)
- Closes #67, closes #90, closes #94
- Also fixes an issue I found with `unit_in`/`unit` where the column name instead of the column value was being read in whenever the `unit_in` value was NA (discussed with @ehwenk)
- Added a hard fix to make sure categorical traits have NA units

tests/testthat/examples/Test_2023_1/README.md, after:


# Test Dataset 1: `Test_2023_1`

This dataset is for testing the following, for wide datasets:
- Dataset-level and trait-level input of `basis_of_record`, `life_stage`, `entity_type`, `value_type`, `basis_of_value`, `measurement_remarks` and `replicates`
- `replicates` in numeric format
- Units are correctly converted to the accepted units, either from a fixed trait-level value or from a column at the trait level
- Bins are correctly converted to the accepted units, from a fixed trait value or from a column at the trait level
- Contexts (correct `link_ids` and `link_vals`; duplicates get collapsed), with and without `find` and `description` values (or NA values), or entered at the trait level as a fixed value or a column (don't think this is possible right now)
- Methods (methods are unique with their own `method_id`), including method contexts
- Locations (latitude and longitude fields missing for one location, entered as .na for another location)
- `trait_name` is NA
- Types of trait data -- numeric (entered as either true numeric type or character type), categorical, time (e.g. `flowering_time`)
- Excluded values (automatic and manual), such as out of allowable range, invalid categorical values, invalid time values, and that excluded values table are filled in with correct error types
- Substitutions work for categorical and time traits, with NA replace values
- Combinations of multiple categorical values per row, including if there are duplicate trait values within
- *Taxonomic updates for different taxonomic resolutions - have yet to add* #TODO
- `observation_id` refers to unique observations
- `repeat_measurements_id` at the trait level, for individuals (using `individual_id`), populations and species (including when it is specified as TRUE and FALSE when a trait is entered twice)
- `collection_date` read in from multiple different columns at the trait level for multiple traits (affecting `observation_id`)
- Two rows with different `original_name`'s that merge into one `taxon_name` have correct `observation_id`'s #TODO
- Check that `location_id` is NA for species `entity_type` measurements
- Check that time data type can be substituted without issues with reformatting

Test_2023_1 is a copy of Falster_2005_1 with the following modifications:
- `entity_type` and `replicates` were moved to dataset level fixed value in metadata.yml, except for `flowering_time`, `huber_value` (LASA1000), `plant_growth_form`, `leaf_length` and `leaf_photosynthesis` (and some `excluded_data` dummy traits) where they're specified at the trait level
- Added `measurement_remarks` to dataset level as fixed value, as well as at trait level
- Added `seed_dry_mass` to check bin conversions, with `seed_dry_mass_units` as the column to read in units from
- Added a column `leaf_length` with accompanying `leaf_length_units` to test unit conversions read in from a column
- Added `bin_conversions` column to test bin unit converions for a fixed trait level `unit_in` value
- Added all different types of contexts (`entity_context`, `plot`, `treatment`, `temporal`, `method`) with some NA `find` and `value` values, duplicate `value` values, numeric and character type values, as separate columns (sex, slope position, nutrient treatment, sampling time of day, instrument used) plus entered at the trait level as a fixed value (for the `huber_value` traits)
- Added a context 'plant diameter' to check whether omitting lists of values from context metadata works
- Added duplicate of LASA50 column to check same `method_id`, added duplicate of LASA1000 with different methods to check unique `method_id`
- Removed latitude and longitude for Atherton and set to .na for Cape Tribulation
- Changed `trait_name` field for `branch_mass_fraction` to NA
- Added a categorical trait, `plant_growth_form`, and time trait, `flowering_time`
- Changed a numeric column `wood_density` to character type with `custom_R_code`
- Excluded observation 0.17 for `leaf_mass_per_area`
- Changed leaf nitrogen for Acronychia acidula to 100 for checking out of allowable range error, "unknown" should be an excluded value for `plant_growth_form` and there should be an invalid `flowering_time` value
- Added substitutions for `plant_growth_form` and `flowering_time`
- Added `leaf_photosynthesis`, `leaf_stomatal_conductance` and `leaf_stomatal_conductance_2` to test `repeat_measurements_id`, with another `leaf_stomatal_conductance_3` variable that doesn't specify `repeat_measurements_id`
- Added row for Alphitonia petriei with `flowering_time` and `LASA1000` values (`entity_type: individual`), read in `collection_date` from separate columns for each (`collection_date1`, `collection_date2`) to test same `individual_id` but different `observation_id` (because of different `collection_date`) (remember `LASA1000_dupe` also has the same `individual_id`)
- Added "7:00:00" as a substitution to make sure it doesn't get reformatted to "07:00:00" (happens e.g. when `read_csv` detects time data type)


See output/ for expected output files.
